[CUBRIDMAN-221] [EN] Reorganize docs related to SQL procedural languages (#619)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/csql.rst

Enter the **;help** command to display a list of the session commands available in the CSQL Interpreter.
You don't need to type the full session command; the CSQL Interpreter recognizes commands as long as you input the minimum number of characters needed to uniquely identify the command from others.
Session commands are not case-sensitive.

CSQL recognizes SQL string literals, comments, and identifiers (see: :ref:`lexical rules <lexical_rules>`). Specifically:

* String literals enclosed in single quotes
* Comments marked by --, //, or /\* \*/
* Identifiers enclosed in double quotes, brackets, or backticks

Strings within these are recognized only as strings and lose any special meaning they might have outside, 
and this applies to session commands as well.
For example, ';exit' within a string literal, comment, or identifier below is not recognized as a session command but only as a string. ::

    csql> select * from table_a where col = ';exit';
    ...
    csql> select * from table_b /* ;exit on no results */;
    ...
    csql> create table table_c([;exit] int);
    ...

> Exceptionally, in interactive mode CSQL, if the first character of a command line is a semicolon, it is recognized as a session command even if it is within a string literal, comment, or identifier. ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Except in interactive mode CSQL, if the first character of a command line is a semicolon, it is recognized as a session command even if it is within a string literal, comment, or identifier. ::
```
"Exceptionally"는 어떤 규칙이나 조건이 예외로 적용될 때보다는 그 상황이 특별하거나 비범하다는 의미를 강조하는 경향이 있어서 "이 규칙이 적용되지 않는 경우"를 언급하려는 의도는 "Except"가 더 알맞다고 생각이 듭니다.

**Setting the parameter value (;SET)**

> You can use the **;set** session command to set a specific parameter value. Note that changeable parameter values are only can be changed. To change the server parameter values, you must have DBA authorization. For information on list of changeable parameters, see :ref:`broker-configuration`. ::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the **;SET** session command to set a specific parameter value. Note that changeable parameter values are only can be changed. To change the server parameter values, you must have DBA authorization. For information on list of changeable parameters, see :ref:`broker-configuration`. ::
```

> You can use the **;set** session command to set a specific parameter value. Note that changeable parameter values are only can be changed. To change the server parameter values, you must have DBA authorization. For information on list of changeable parameters, see :ref:`broker-configuration`. ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the **;SET** session command to set a specific parameter value. Note that changeable parameter values can have their values modified. To change the server parameter values, you must have DBA authorization. For information on list of changeable parameters, see :ref:`broker-configuration`. ::
```

Author: @junsklee 다음과 같이 되어야 할까요?
Note that changeable parameters can have their values modified.

Reviewer: 넵 values 가 중복되는것보단 "Note that changeable parameters can have their values modified."가 더 자연스럽네요.
